Rewrite `Guides/Common BSS issues` as `How to resolve common BSS issues` (#13941)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Guides/BSS_issues/en.md

## Error during upload: Data too long for column "xxx" at row "xx"

This warning occurs when a certain line in the `.osu` difficulty files contains too much text, and can be resolved by following these steps:

1. Go to the beatmap's folder.
   - You can get there easily by going to `File` and then `Open Song Folder` in the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor).
2. Open the `.osu` difficulty files with any text editor. For your convenience, it is recommended that you use an editor that includes line (column) indicators, e.g. [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).
3. Go to the line in the `.osu` difficulty files that's mentioned in the warning.
4. Shorten the contents of this line by making the necessary adjustments.
   - If this line concerns metadata matters that can be altered directly through the beatmap editor (e.g. difficulty names), shorten it from there directly through the `Song Setup` panel.
   - If this line concerns an external asset (e.g. background images), shorten the name of the asset in question and update this line accordingly in your text editor.
5. Save all the changes you made and try to upload your beatmap.

> If the steps above don’t resolve your issue, or if you’re facing a different issue entirely, please create a new topic in the [Help forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5) with details on your issue so that others can help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the steps above don't resolve your issue, or if you're facing a different issue entirely, please create a new topic in the [Help forum](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5) with details on your issue so that others can help you.
```
